Improve cluster mesh docs (#1136)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/multicluster/kubeconfig.mdx

   spec:
     clusterAccessSecret:
       name: remote-cluster-secret-name
       namespace: <secret-namespace>
       kind: Secret
     syncOptions:
       overlayRoutingMode: Enabled
   EOF
   ```

> 1. [Validate](#check-remote-cluster-connection) the that the remote cluster connection can be established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Validate](#check-remote-cluster-connection) the remote cluster connection.
```

1. Repeat the above steps, switching cluster A and cluster B.

After completing the above steps for all cluster pairs in the cluster mesh, your clusters should now be ready to utilize remote-identity-aware policy and federated services, along with multi-cluster networking if requirements were met.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Unencapsulated Routing" label="Unencapsulated Routing">

In this setup, the cluster mesh will rely on the [underlying network](#other-networking-configurations) to meet the pod IP routability requirement.

**For each pair** of clusters in the cluster mesh (e.g. cluster A and cluster B):

1. In cluster A, create a secret that contains the kubeconfig for cluster B:

   Determine the namespace (`<secret-namespace>`) for the secret to replace in all steps.
   The simplest method to create a secret for a remote cluster is to use the `kubectl` command because it correctly encodes the data and formats the file.
   ```bash
   kubectl create secret generic remote-cluster-secret-name -n <secret-namespace> \
      --from-literal=datastoreType=kubernetes \
      --from-file=kubeconfig=<kubeconfig file>
   ```

> 1. If RBAC is enabled in cluster A, create a Role and RoleBinding that {{prodname}} will use to access the secret that contains the kubeconfig for cluster B:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If RBAC is enabled in cluster A, create a Role and RoleBinding for {{prodname}} to use to access the secret that contains the kubeconfig for cluster B:
```

     namespace: <secret-namespace>
   rules:
   - apiGroups: [""]
     resources: ["secrets"]
     verbs: ["watch", "list", "get"]
   ---
   apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
   kind: RoleBinding
   metadata:
     name: remote-cluster-secret-access
     namespace: <secret-namespace>
   roleRef:
     apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
     kind: Role
     name: remote-cluster-secret-access
   subjects:
   - kind: ServiceAccount
     name: calico-typha
     namespace: calico-system
   EOF
   ```

1. Create the RemoteClusterConfiguration in cluster A:

   Within the RemoteClusterConfiguration, we specify the secret used to access cluster B, and the overlay routing mode which toggles the establishment of cross-cluster overlay routes.
   ```bash
   kubectl create -f - <<EOF
   apiVersion: projectcalico.org/v3
   kind: RemoteClusterConfiguration
   metadata:
     name: cluster-b
   spec:
     clusterAccessSecret:
       name: remote-cluster-secret-name
       namespace: <secret-namespace>
       kind: Secret
     syncOptions:
       overlayRoutingMode: Disabled
   EOF
   ```

1. If you have no IP pools in cluster A with NAT-outgoing enabled, skip this step.

>    Otherwise, if you have IP pools in cluster A with NAT-outgoing enabled and workloads in that pool will egress to workloads in cluster B, you need to instruct {{prodname}} to not perform NAT on traffic destined for IP pools in cluster B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Otherwise, if you have IP pools in cluster A with NAT-outgoing enabled, and workloads in that pool will egress to workloads in cluster B, you need to instruct {{prodname}} to not perform NAT on traffic destined for IP pools in cluster B.
```

   You can achieve this by creating a disabled IP pool in cluster A for each CIDR in cluster B. This IP pool should have NAT-outgoing disabled. For example:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: projectcalico.org/v3
    kind: IPPool
    metadata:
      name: clusterB-main-pool
    spec:
      cidr: <Cluster B CIDR>
      disabled: true
    ```

> 1. [Validate](#check-remote-cluster-connection) the that the remote cluster connection can be established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Validate](#check-remote-cluster-connection) the remote cluster connection.
```

1. Repeat the above steps, switching cluster A and cluster B.

After completing the above steps for all cluster pairs in the cluster mesh, your clusters should now be ready to utilize remote-identity-aware policy and federated services.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::caution
 This tutorial sets up RemoteClusterConfigurations in both directions. This is required for {{prodname}} to manage multi-cluster networking, and also ensures you can write identity-aware policy on both sides of a cross-cluster connection. Unidirectional connections can be made at your own discretion.
:::

### Switch to multi-cluster networking

> The steps above assume that you are configuring federated endpoint identity and multi-cluster networking for the first time. If you already have federated endpoint identity and are looking to utilize multi-cluster networking, the steps below outline the changes that must be made if you had previously set up federated endpoint identity prior to the introduction of multi-cluster networking:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps above assume that you are configuring both federated endpoint identity and multi-cluster networking for the first time. If you already have federated endpoint identity, and want to use multi-cluster networking, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Validate that all [requirements](#calico-enterprise-multi-cluster-networking) for multi-cluster networking have been met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify all multi-cluster [requirements](#calico-enterprise-multi-cluster-networking).
```

2. Update the ClusterRole in each cluster in the cluster mesh using the RBAC manifest found in [Create kubeconfig files](#create-kubeconfig-files)

> 3. Update all RemoteClusterConfigurations to set `Spec.OverlayRoutingMode` to `Enabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In all RemoteClusterConfigurations, set `Spec.OverlayRoutingMode` to `Enabled`.
```

> 4. Ensure that all RemoteClusterConfigurations are bidirectional, i.e. ensure that RemoteClusterConfigurations were established following the [instructions](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations) for in both directions for each cluster pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify that all RemoteClusterConfigurations are bidirectional (in both directions for each cluster pair) using these [instructions](#create-remoteclusterconfigurations).
```

> 5. If you had previously created disabled IP pools to prevent NAT outgoing from applying to remote cluster destinations, those disabled IP pools are no longer needed when using multi-cluster networking and must be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you have previously created disabled IP pools to prevent NAT outgoing from applying to remote cluster destinations, you must delete the disabled IP pools (as they are no longer needed).
```

> ### Validate federated endpoint identity & multi-cluster networking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate federated endpoint identity and multi-cluster networking
```

> #### Validate RemoteClusterConfiguration & federated endpoint identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Validate RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity
```

> #### Validate RemoteClusterConfiguration & federated endpoint identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Validate RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity
```

##### Check remote cluster connection
You can check the Typha logs for remote cluster connection status. Run the following command:
```bash
kubectl logs deployment/calico-typha -n calico-system | grep "Sending in-sync update"
```
You should see an entry for each RemoteClusterConfiguration in the local cluster.

If the output contains unexpected results, proceed to the [troubleshooting](#troubleshoot) section.

> #### Validate multi-cluster networking

Reviewer: I would normalize to the doc to "verify" (instead of validate and ensure).

```

### Troubleshoot

> #### Troubleshoot RemoteClusterConfiguration & federated endpoint identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Troubleshoot RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity
```

> #### Troubleshoot RemoteClusterConfiguration & federated endpoint identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Troubleshoot RemoteClusterConfiguration and federated endpoint identity
```
